Welcome everyone to the data science interview preparation section of the Course.
This section is going to give you a high level overview of what you should expect to know to some degree
when embarking on a career in data science.
So let's go ahead and cover the general topics we're going to be discussing as far as what you should
know.
So we'll discuss what technical tools such as what softer languages you should be aware of.
We're also discuss theories.
So things like probabilities statistics those kind of things you should know.
Then also discuss what you should know about in regards to machine learning and also talk about different
software tools.
You may want to be familiar with depending on the job posting.
OK let's get started.
I'll see you the next lecture.